Update Firefox desktop pages post GitHub migration (#284)
flodolo/documentation: src/products/firefox_desktop/build_system.md

## Overview

Thanks to using a [single source for localization](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/l10n/singlel10nsource.html), we ship all versions of Firefox from a [single localization repository](https://github.com/mozilla-l10n/firefox-l10n).

A job, called `l10n-bumper`, runs on Taskcluster every hour, and stores information on which changeset (defined by the revision SHA of `firefox-l10n`) to use for each build in a file called `l10n-changesets.json`:
* Nightly (`mozilla-central`) changeset: [l10n-changesets.json](https://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/file/default/browser/locales/l10n-changesets.json). This always uses the latest revision of `main`.

> * Beta (`mozilla-beta`) changeset: [l10n-changesets.json](https://hg.mozilla.org/releases/mozilla-beta/file/default/browser/locales/l10n-changesets.json).  This also uses the tip of the l10n repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Beta (`mozilla-beta`) changeset: [l10n-changesets.json](https://hg.mozilla.org/releases/mozilla-beta/file/default/browser/locales/l10n-changesets.json).  This also uses the latest revision of `main`, but it's only updated twice a week.
```

tip is a Mercurial concept

> * Before Release Candidate week, the `l10n-bumper` is [manually stopped](https://github.com/mozilla/build-relengdocs/blob/master/procedures/release-duty/merge-duty/merge_duty.rst#turn-off-beta-l10n-bumper-on-rc-day) on `mozilla-beta`. Since the configuration change lands only on `mozilla-beta`, the `l10n-bumper` will automatically restart at the beginning of the next cycle, when the standard configuration is uplifted from `mozilla-central`.

Reviewer: Link is broken. You'll need to ask RelEng what happened to this doc, and if the process is still valid.

Author: I'll update this using their current documentation (https://moz-releng-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/how-to/releaseduty/merge-duty/merge_duty.html).

## Overview

Thanks to using a [single source for localization](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/l10n/singlel10nsource.html), we ship all versions of Firefox from a [single localization repository](https://github.com/mozilla-l10n/firefox-l10n).

A job, called `l10n-bumper`, runs on Taskcluster every hour, and stores information on which changeset (defined by the revision SHA of `firefox-l10n`) to use for each build in a file called `l10n-changesets.json`:
* Nightly (`mozilla-central`) changeset: [l10n-changesets.json](https://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/file/default/browser/locales/l10n-changesets.json). This always uses the latest revision of `main`.
* Beta (`mozilla-beta`) changeset: [l10n-changesets.json](https://hg.mozilla.org/releases/mozilla-beta/file/default/browser/locales/l10n-changesets.json).  This also uses the the latest revision of `main`, but it’s only updated twice a week.

> * Before Release Candidate week, the mozilla-beta tree is [closed](https://moz-releng-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/how-to/releaseduty/merge-duty/merge_duty.html#merge-beta-to-release) on `mozilla-beta`. The `l10n-bumper` will restart at the beginning of the next cycle, when the mozilla-beta tree is [restarted](https://moz-releng-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/how-to/releaseduty/merge-duty/merge_duty.html#re-opening-the-tree-s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before Release Candidate week, the `mozilla-beta` tree is [closed](https://moz-releng-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/how-to/releaseduty/merge-duty/merge_duty.html#merge-beta-to-release). The `l10n-bumper` will restart at the beginning of the next cycle, when the `mozilla-beta` tree is [reopened](https://moz-releng-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/how-to/releaseduty/merge-duty/merge_duty.html#re-opening-the-tree-s).
```

In case of severe issues affecting one or more locales, it’s still possible to manually update the shipping changesets. A patch needs to be provided for `l10n-changesets.json` in `mozilla-release` branch and approved for uplift by Release Drivers (see for example [this bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1513259) and [associated patch](https://hg.mozilla.org/releases/mozilla-release/rev/308fd26a204e)). Note that a dot release is needed in order to ship the updated version to users. [This script](https://github.com/flodolo/scripts/blob/master/mozilla_l10n/validate_fx_changesets_uplift/fx_release_changesets.py) can be used to validate the updated JSON.

> The same process applies to ESR versions, as long as the associated esr repository is included in [current versions in firefox-l10n-source](https://github.com/mozilla-l10n/firefox-l10n-source/blob/main/.github/update-config.json#L2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same process applies to ESR versions, as long as the associated esr repository is included among the [supported versions in firefox-l10n-source](https://github.com/mozilla-l10n/firefox-l10n-source/blob/main/.github/update-config.json#L2).
```
